Allow to specify symbol extensions which are used by stacktrace resolving (#177)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.mobile.logcat: com.unity.mobile.android-logcat/Documentation~/android-logcat-settings.md

For more information, refer to [configure stacktrace regular expressions](stacktrace-utility-set-up.md#configure-stacktrace-regular-expressions).

## Symbol Extensions

![](images/logcat-settings-symbol-extensions.png)

> Use the **Symbol Extensions** setting to configure file extensions which are appended to symbol file names during stacktrace resolving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Symbol Extensions** setting to specify file extensions which are appended to symbol file names during stacktrace resolving.

```

Reviewer: Could you please also mention Symbol Extensions in the intro paragraph where we say, "The settings are grouped under the following sections:"
- Symbol Extensions(#symbol-exensions)

Author: [`05aa0b8` (#177)](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.mobile.logcat/pull/177/commits/05aa0b82f3493fcbda7fc5a80fc1e667035faa62)

> For example, if symbol name is **libunity** and the specified symbol extensions are **.so.sym**, **.so.dbg**, stacktrace utility will look for **libunity.so.sym** and **libunity.so.dbg** symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the symbol file name is `libunity` and the specified symbol extensions are `.so.sym`, `.so.dbg`, the Stacktrace Utility tool looks for `libunity.so.sym` and `libunity.so.dbg` symbols..
```

Reviewer: I think I've added an extra full-stop in the end. Please can you remove it. Thanks
